Smaller cache size
Get the stride prefetcher in and measure performance from a good prefetcher, see if it does anything useful
    Along with this make prefetcher.bsv more tidy, separate out into various files
    Can't the CDP prefetcher interface be turned into a SudoPrefetcher instead.
Prefetch chaining?
Combine with stride prefetcher..
What proportion of misses can actually be eliminated?
Try get Olden benchmarks building

Stateful Content-directed prefetching Policy:
I want to add a training table where:
    Demand miss -> 
    bring in cache line to L1 -> 
    send this off to the prefetcher for training ->
    Check if the vaddr being requested was seen in the recent past?
        Key into the training table and see if there is any PC + Offset associated with it
        If so, update confidence on PC | offset table / Confidence on this offset should also be updated if we hit on this cache line if a prefetched line exists in the cache
    Identify vaddrs -> These vaddrs get keyed into some table where key = vaddr, value = tuple(PC, offset), if the entry already exists then don't overwrite, ideally preserve the earliest PC at which they are seen in order to prefetch effectively?
If the PC is seen again in the future, key into the PC offset table and issue a prefetch for the offset with the highest confidence

Does UGSupFIFO even dequeue from head sequentially? Can quickly add some extra logs on normal stateless CDP

Jon Talk:
Two-way set associative, 16 lines.
Drop the cache size down and see if the number cache misses jumps up
Do offset from the access instead of offset from the line
Have some statistical decay of confidence, on any cycle that we aren't updating any confidence, we can randomly select an entry and decrease its confidence by 1 

Next prefetcher to get larger offsets, because LDS nodes may be larger than a single cache line

omnet = big spec pointer benchmark

Could perform some sort of deep study for the lines around a prefetch miss

TAGE branch predictor has a way of identifying branches that still keep missing even when we've tried to prefetch them.

Alex Thoughts:
So the BRAM needs to be init with some value to identify that the value inside of it isn't garbage. Done, also done for PC Table
Also that the valid thing always exists if a read request has been issued. Not a problem now with table init and rewriting
Training table also only has 64 entries, is there any potential overwriting/aliasing happening? Need to store the tag in the entry or just the whole vaddr in the entry
After clauding:
Looks like pointer heavy benchmarks are breaking, fairly certain these two rules that both access the pcTable aren't good.
Also directly calling read instead of going to some read queue from reportAccess is also bad. This has been fixed, only single rules for processing pcTable access.
